# Schulexy
-----
In the future you should be able to find documents for different 
subjects (e.g. mathematics or german) in this repo.

There will be indexes that lists all topics part of a subject. Documents 
will be pretty interactive. At every point you will be able to change 
between some kind of level (beginner,experienced,professional) so that 
you can change some other kind of explaination style if you don't like 
the default one. The documents will feature videos, animations, quizzes, 
and other interactive elements. If you need more explaination for 
something you will be able to either see a pop-up with more 
explainations (e.g. in case of a language the definition for a word or 
in other cases quick overviews of connected topics) or 
a drop-down. Some of the interactive elements will be auto-generated by 
random (there may be some way of history what elements you used and you 
may be able to copy-paste a ID to share them).


If you can't imagine how something like this could look:
I recommend:
- the Massmatics app since it does some of those things 
already and is pretty nice for people that want to start studying.
- netacad by Cisco since they have pretty nice interactive elements 
like a console where you can actually test linux commands or 
drag&drop tasks.

-----
Contribute:
- Pull request something
- Send me what papers you got and what you wrote down in school (in 
case that you aren't sure about copyright or if you don't want to 
share personal information with the world): 
schreibemirhalt@gmail.com
